Saudi oil supertanker-7	nationality	saudi-5	1		The owner of a Saudi oil supertanker hijacked by Somali pirates over the weekend said the 25 crew members are safe and the ship is fully loaded with crude -- a cargo worth about $100 million at current prices.
a Saudi oil supertanker-7	nationality	saudi-5	1		The owner of a Saudi oil supertanker hijacked by Somali pirates over the weekend said the 25 crew members are safe and the ship is fully loaded with crude -- a cargo worth about $100 million at current prices.
Somali pirates-11	nationality	somali-10	1		The owner of a Saudi oil supertanker hijacked by Somali pirates over the weekend said the 25 crew members are safe and the ship is fully loaded with crude -- a cargo worth about $100 million at current prices.
controversial Solomon Islands Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare-11	jobTitle	prime minister-9	1		The political future of controversial Solomon Islands Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare was uncertain Monday after the resignation of nine ministers.
controversial Solomon Islands Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare-11	nationality	solomon islands-7	1		The political future of controversial Solomon Islands Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare was uncertain Monday after the resignation of nine ministers.
Solomon Islands Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare-11	jobTitle	prime minister-9	1		The political future of controversial Solomon Islands Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare was uncertain Monday after the resignation of nine ministers.
Solomon Islands Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare-11	nationality	solomon islands-7	1		The political future of controversial Solomon Islands Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare was uncertain Monday after the resignation of nine ministers.
Manhattan Portage bag-9	city	manhattan-7	1		Q: I currently bring a Manhattan Portage bag ... I feel like the bags are from the 90's.
a Manhattan Portage bag-9	city	manhattan-7	1		Q: I currently bring a Manhattan Portage bag ... I feel like the bags are from the 90's.
The Iraqi people-4	nationality	iraqi-3	1		The Iraqi people -- every day, and in increasing numbers -- are choosing freedom and standing against the murderous, hateful ideology of AQI.
Iraqi people-4	nationality	iraqi-3	1		The Iraqi people -- every day, and in increasing numbers -- are choosing freedom and standing against the murderous, hateful ideology of AQI.
Dakhil Qassim, the mayor of the nearby town of Sinjar-21	jobTitle	mayor-15	1		Some 300 people were wounded in the blasts, said Dakhil Qassim, the mayor of the nearby town of Sinjar.
Caribbean American Chamber of Commerce and Industry-41	nationality	caribbean american-36	1		Dr. King had become very unpopular before his death, talking about things that black men did not have the right to talk about, George Hulse, aboard member of the Caribbean American Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said over bagels Friday at the chamber's King breakfast.
the Caribbean American Chamber of Commerce and Industry-41	nationality	caribbean american-36	1		Dr. King had become very unpopular before his death, talking about things that black men did not have the right to talk about, George Hulse, aboard member of the Caribbean American Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said over bagels Friday at the chamber's King breakfast.
actress category-33	jobTitle	actress-32	1		There were the usual suspects -- Meryl Streep, Martin Scorsese, Clint Eastwood -- and the surprises, like Rinko Kikuchi and Adriana Barraza (both nominated in the supporting actress category for ``Babel'').
the supporting actress category-33	jobTitle	actress-32	1		There were the usual suspects -- Meryl Streep, Martin Scorsese, Clint Eastwood -- and the surprises, like Rinko Kikuchi and Adriana Barraza (both nominated in the supporting actress category for ``Babel'').
Finland's 4X5-kilometer cross-country relay team-11	nationality	finland-6	1		Kuitunen was a member of Finland's 4X5-kilometer cross-country relay team that won the gold on Thursday.
Los Angeles archdiocese-10	city	los angeles-9	1		His comments came two days after the Los Angeles archdiocese agreed to a record 660 million dollar (480 million euro) payout to 508 people who were sexually abused by priests in cases dating back to the 1940s.
the Los Angeles archdiocese-10	city	los angeles-9	1		His comments came two days after the Los Angeles archdiocese agreed to a record 660 million dollar (480 million euro) payout to 508 people who were sexually abused by priests in cases dating back to the 1940s.
US policy-28	nationality	us-27	1		We shared with them some further specifics associated with the announcement several days ago in order to help them better understand the direction of US policy, Treasury Under Secretary for International Affairs David McCormick told reporters in Abu Dhabi.
Secretary General Amr Moussa-10	jobTitle	secretary general-8	1		According to the report prepared by Secretary General Amr Moussa, the League faces a US$22 million (euro13.94 million) deficit, or about 60 percent of its annual budget.
status of Kosovo-51	nationality	kosovo-51	1		German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country holds the rotating presidency of the EU, along with EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner were also expected to discuss issues including the Middle East, Iran's nuclear program and the future status of Kosovo with Rice.
German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country holds the rotating presidency of the EU,-16	nationality	german-1	1		German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country holds the rotating presidency of the EU, along with EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner were also expected to discuss issues including the Middle East, Iran's nuclear program and the future status of Kosovo with Rice.
Iran's nuclear program-45	nationality	iran-42	1		German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country holds the rotating presidency of the EU, along with EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner were also expected to discuss issues including the Middle East, Iran's nuclear program and the future status of Kosovo with Rice.
German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country holds the rotating presidency of the EU,-16	jobTitle	foreign minister-3	1		German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country holds the rotating presidency of the EU, along with EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner were also expected to discuss issues including the Middle East, Iran's nuclear program and the future status of Kosovo with Rice.
External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner-30	jobTitle	commissioner-28	1		German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country holds the rotating presidency of the EU, along with EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner were also expected to discuss issues including the Middle East, Iran's nuclear program and the future status of Kosovo with Rice.
Paul Taylor, chief economist for the National Automobile Dealers Association,-12	jobTitle	chief economist-5	1		Paul Taylor, chief economist for the National Automobile Dealers Association, said hybrids account for just a fraction of the car market and could not be playing a significant role in the decline of the Highway Trust Fund.
Paul Taylor, chief economist-5	jobTitle	chief economist-5	1		Paul Taylor, chief economist for the National Automobile Dealers Association, said hybrids account for just a fraction of the car market and could not be playing a significant role in the decline of the Highway Trust Fund.
Russian aluminium company-19	nationality	russian-17	1		Gunmen have killed a driver and kidnapped six people from a residential compound belonging to a Russian aluminium company, Russia Aluminum (RUSAL) said Sunday.
Russia Aluminum (RUSAL)-25	nationality	russia-21	1		Gunmen have killed a driver and kidnapped six people from a residential compound belonging to a Russian aluminium company, Russia Aluminum (RUSAL) said Sunday.
a Russian aluminium company-19	nationality	russian-17	1		Gunmen have killed a driver and kidnapped six people from a residential compound belonging to a Russian aluminium company, Russia Aluminum (RUSAL) said Sunday.
Irvin Khoza, chairman of the local organizing committee-25	jobTitle	chairman-20	1		We want to express our sympathy to Raymond Hack for what happened, said Irvin Khoza, chairman of the local organizing committee.
Manhattan neighborhood-13	city	manhattan-12	1		John Alaimo, manager of a taxi repair shop in the Manhattan neighborhood, said the fans only blow hot air around, doing little to keep his mechanics cool.
John Alaimo, manager of a taxi repair shop-9	jobTitle	manager-4	1		John Alaimo, manager of a taxi repair shop in the Manhattan neighborhood, said the fans only blow hot air around, doing little to keep his mechanics cool.
the Manhattan neighborhood-13	city	manhattan-12	1		John Alaimo, manager of a taxi repair shop in the Manhattan neighborhood, said the fans only blow hot air around, doing little to keep his mechanics cool.
Bosnian Serb government-4	nationality	bosnian-2	1		The Bosnian Serb government apologised Wednesday to Muslim and Croat victims of atrocities during the country's brutal inter- ethnic war in the early 1990s.
The Bosnian Serb government-4	nationality	bosnian-2	1		The Bosnian Serb government apologised Wednesday to Muslim and Croat victims of atrocities during the country's brutal inter- ethnic war in the early 1990s.
Muslim and Croat victims of atrocities-13	religion	muslim-8	1		The Bosnian Serb government apologised Wednesday to Muslim and Croat victims of atrocities during the country's brutal inter- ethnic war in the early 1990s.
Pittsburgh goalie Marc-Andre Fleury-15	city	pittsburgh-12	1		Jordan Staal scored a power-play goal in the second period and Pittsburgh goalie Marc-Andre Fleury made 26 saves, giving the Penguins a 2-0 victory Sunday over New York Rangers and a home- ice sweep of the first two games of their second-round NHL playoff series.
New York Rangers-30	province	new york-29	1		Jordan Staal scored a power-play goal in the second period and Pittsburgh goalie Marc-Andre Fleury made 26 saves, giving the Penguins a 2-0 victory Sunday over New York Rangers and a home- ice sweep of the first two games of their second-round NHL playoff series.
Merrill analyst, John-Paul Crutchley-22	jobTitle	analyst-19	1		We think the game is over for Northern Rock in its present form, a Merrill analyst, John-Paul Crutchley, wrote in a note to investors.
analyst, John-Paul Crutchley-22	jobTitle	analyst-19	1		We think the game is over for Northern Rock in its present form, a Merrill analyst, John-Paul Crutchley, wrote in a note to investors.
a Merrill analyst, John-Paul Crutchley,-23	jobTitle	analyst-19	1		We think the game is over for Northern Rock in its present form, a Merrill analyst, John-Paul Crutchley, wrote in a note to investors.
a Merrill analyst, John-Paul Crutchley-22	jobTitle	analyst-19	1		We think the game is over for Northern Rock in its present form, a Merrill analyst, John-Paul Crutchley, wrote in a note to investors.
Mayor Adrian M. Fenty-4	jobTitle	mayor-1	1		Mayor Adrian M. Fenty said he wanted a catchphrase that braids the themes of unity, energy and renaissance.
Eight Chinese peacekeepers-3	nationality	chinese-2	1		Eight Chinese peacekeepers have died and dozens have been wounded in the line of duty.
Chinese peacekeepers-3	nationality	chinese-2	1		Eight Chinese peacekeepers have died and dozens have been wounded in the line of duty.
Egyptian- Gaza border-20	city	gaza-19	1		Some Palestinians were seen to use a bulldozer trying to open new passages into Egypt at the Egyptian- Gaza border on Friday as Egyptian troops moved to close the border town of Rafah, the pan- Arab television al-Jazeera reported.
Egyptian- Gaza border-20	province	gaza-19	1		Some Palestinians were seen to use a bulldozer trying to open new passages into Egypt at the Egyptian- Gaza border on Friday as Egyptian troops moved to close the border town of Rafah, the pan- Arab television al-Jazeera reported.
Egyptian troops-25	nationality	egyptian-24	1		Some Palestinians were seen to use a bulldozer trying to open new passages into Egypt at the Egyptian- Gaza border on Friday as Egyptian troops moved to close the border town of Rafah, the pan- Arab television al-Jazeera reported.
the US economy-7	nationality	the us-6	1		But with with the US economy slowing while growth elsewhere in the world remains resilient, the dollar will be pressured, he added.
King breakfast-52	jobTitle	king-51		1	Dr. King had become very unpopular before his death, talking about things that black men did not have the right to talk about, George Hulse, aboard member of the Caribbean American Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said over bagels Friday at the chamber's King breakfast.
the chamber's King breakfast-52	jobTitle	king-51		1	Dr. King had become very unpopular before his death, talking about things that black men did not have the right to talk about, George Hulse, aboard member of the Caribbean American Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said over bagels Friday at the chamber's King breakfast.
the Caribbean American Chamber of Commerce and Industry-41	nationality	american-36		1	Dr. King had become very unpopular before his death, talking about things that black men did not have the right to talk about, George Hulse, aboard member of the Caribbean American Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said over bagels Friday at the chamber's King breakfast.
Spanish ad-7	nationality	spanish-6		1	Obama countered with his own Spanish ad linking McCain to the extreme-right Republican wing, widely seen as anti-immigrant.
his own Spanish ad-7	nationality	spanish-6		1	Obama countered with his own Spanish ad linking McCain to the extreme-right Republican wing, widely seen as anti-immigrant.
Meryl Streep, Martin Scorsese, Clint Eastwood-14	city	eastwood-14		1	There were the usual suspects -- Meryl Streep, Martin Scorsese, Clint Eastwood -- and the surprises, like Rinko Kikuchi and Adriana Barraza (both nominated in the supporting actress category for ``Babel'').
German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country-8	jobTitle	foreign minister-3		1	German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country holds the rotating presidency of the EU, along with EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner were also expected to discuss issues including the Middle East, Iran's nuclear program and the future status of Kosovo with Rice.
Middle East, Iran's nuclear program-45	nationality	iran-42		1	German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country holds the rotating presidency of the EU, along with EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner were also expected to discuss issues including the Middle East, Iran's nuclear program and the future status of Kosovo with Rice.
German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country-8	nationality	german-1		1	German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country holds the rotating presidency of the EU, along with EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner were also expected to discuss issues including the Middle East, Iran's nuclear program and the future status of Kosovo with Rice.
the future status of Kosovo with Rice-53	nationality	kosovo-51		1	German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country holds the rotating presidency of the EU, along with EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner were also expected to discuss issues including the Middle East, Iran's nuclear program and the future status of Kosovo with Rice.
the Middle East, Iran's nuclear program and the future status of Kosovo with Rice-53	nationality	iran-42		1	German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country holds the rotating presidency of the EU, along with EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner were also expected to discuss issues including the Middle East, Iran's nuclear program and the future status of Kosovo with Rice.
Jordan Staal-2	nationality	jordan-1		1	Jordan Staal scored a power-play goal in the second period and Pittsburgh goalie Marc-Andre Fleury made 26 saves, giving the Penguins a 2-0 victory Sunday over New York Rangers and a home- ice sweep of the first two games of their second-round NHL playoff series.
northern and northwestern Japan-11	school	northwestern-10		1	Several bullet train services linking Tokyo and northern and northwestern Japan have been suspended.
border town of Rafah-33	province	rafah-33		1	Some Palestinians were seen to use a bulldozer trying to open new passages into Egypt at the Egyptian- Gaza border on Friday as Egyptian troops moved to close the border town of Rafah, the pan- Arab television al-Jazeera reported.
border town of Rafah-33	city	rafah-33		1	Some Palestinians were seen to use a bulldozer trying to open new passages into Egypt at the Egyptian- Gaza border on Friday as Egyptian troops moved to close the border town of Rafah, the pan- Arab television al-Jazeera reported.
DR Congo President Joseph Kabila-5	nationality	dr congo-2	1		DR Congo President Joseph Kabila is to visit South Africa on Thursday to meet President Thabo Mbeki and explore further links between the two countries, the government announced.
journalist Paul Legall-4	jobTitle	journalist-2	1		French journalist Paul Legall reported that all three hostages arrived safely at Athens International Airport.
John Arterberry, executive deputy chief of the fraud section-10	jobTitle	executive deputy chief-6	1		John Arterberry, executive deputy chief of the fraud section in the Justice Department, said federal prosecutors and the FBI had made progress on mortgage fraud.
Janet Riley, a spokeswoman-5	jobTitle	spokeswoman-5	1		Janet Riley, a spokeswoman for the American Meat Institute, which represents packers and processors, said that with the exception of the suspended plant, the findings suggest a high degree of compliance and now an even higher degree of federal oversight.
President Thabo Mbeki-17	jobTitle	president-15	1		DR Congo President Joseph Kabila is to visit South Africa on Thursday to meet President Thabo Mbeki and explore further links between the two countries, the government announced.
American Meat Institute-10	nationality	american-8	1		Janet Riley, a spokeswoman for the American Meat Institute, which represents packers and processors, said that with the exception of the suspended plant, the findings suggest a high degree of compliance and now an even higher degree of federal oversight.
DR Congo President Joseph Kabila-5	jobTitle	president-3	1		DR Congo President Joseph Kabila is to visit South Africa on Thursday to meet President Thabo Mbeki and explore further links between the two countries, the government announced.
Justice Department-14	jobTitle	justice-13		1	John Arterberry, executive deputy chief of the fraud section in the Justice Department, said federal prosecutors and the FBI had made progress on mortgage fraud.
Los Angeles archdiocese-10	city	los angeles-9	1		His comments came two days after the Los Angeles archdiocese agreed to a record 660 million dollar (480 million euro) payout to 508 people who were sexually abused by priests i    n cases dating back to the 1940s.
presidency of the EU-15	nationality	eu-15		1	German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country holds the rotating presidency of the EU, along with EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner were also expected to discuss issues including the Middle East, Iran's nuclear program and the future status of Kosovo with Rice.
Athens International Airport-15	city	athens-13	1		French journalist Paul Legall reported that all three hostages arrived safely at Athens International Airport.
French journalist Paul Legall-4	nationality	french-1	1		French journalist Paul Legall reported that all three hostages arrived safely at Athens International Airport.
Iraqi people-4	nationality	Iraqi-3	1		The Iraqi people -- every day, and in increasing numbers -- are choosing freedom and standing against the murderous, hateful ideology of AQI.
Manhattan neighborhood-13	city	Manhattan-12	1		John Alaimo, manager of a taxi repair shop in the Manhattan neighborhood, said the fans only blow hot air around, doing little to keep his mechanics cool.
Somali pirates-11	nationality	Somali-10	1		The owner of a Saudi oil supertanker hijacked by Somali pirates over the weekend said the 25 crew members are safe and the ship is fully loaded with crude -- a cargo worth about $100 million at current prices.
Chinese peacekeepers-3	nationality	Chinese-2	1		Eight Chinese peacekeepers have died and dozens have been wounded in the line of duty.
Egyptian troops-25	nationality	Egyptian-24	1		Some Palestinians were seen to use a bulldozer trying to open new passages into Egypt at the Egyptian- Gaza border on Friday as Egyptian troops moved to close the border town of Rafah, the pan- Arab television al-Jazeera reported.
Bosnian Serb government-4	nationality	Bosnian-2	1		The Bosnian Serb government apologised Wednesday to Muslim and Croat victims of atrocities during the country's brutal inter- ethnic war in the early 1990s.
Iran's nuclear program-45	nationality	Iran-42	1		German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country holds the rotating presidency of the EU, along with EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner were also expected to discuss issues including the Middle East, Iran's nuclear program and the future status of Kosovo with Rice.
the US economy-7	nationality	the US-6	1		But with with the US economy slowing while growth elsewhere in the world remains resilient, the dollar will be pressured, he added.
Caribbean American Chamber of Commerce and Industry-41	nationality	Caribbean American-36	1		Dr. King had become very unpopular before his death, talking about things that black men did not have the right to talk about, George Hulse, aboard member of the Caribbean American Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said over bagels Friday at the chamber's King breakfast.
Jordan Staal-2	nationality	Jordan-1		1	Jordan Staal scored a power-play goal in the second period and Pittsburgh goalie Marc-Andre Fleury made 26 saves, giving the Penguins a 2-0 victory Sunday over New York Rangers and a home- ice sweep of the first two games of their second-round NHL playoff series.
Egyptian- Gaza border-20	city	Gaza-19	1		Some Palestinians were seen to use a bulldozer trying to open new passages into Egypt at the Egyptian- Gaza border on Friday as Egyptian troops moved to close the border town of Rafah, the pan- Arab television al-Jazeera reported.
Manhattan Portage bag-9	city	Manhattan-7		1	Q: I currently bring a Manhattan Portage bag ... I feel like the bags are from the 90's.
Russia Aluminum (RUSAL)-25	nationality	Russia-21	1		Gunmen have killed a driver and kidnapped six people from a residential compound belonging to a Russian aluminium company, Russia Aluminum (RUSAL) said Sunday.
New York Rangers-30	province	New York-29	1		Jordan Staal scored a power-play goal in the second period and Pittsburgh goalie Marc-Andre Fleury made 26 saves, giving the Penguins a 2-0 victory Sunday over New York Rangers and a home- ice sweep of the first two games of their second-round NHL playoff series.
