Janet Riley, a spokeswoman for the American Meat Institute, which represents packers and processors, said that with the exception of the suspended plant, the findings "suggest a high degree of compliance and now an even higher degree of federal oversight."
DR Congo President Joseph Kabila is to visit South Africa on Thursday to meet President Thabo Mbeki and explore further links between the two countries, the government announced.
French journalist Paul Legall reported that all three hostages arrived safely at Athens International Airport.
John Arterberry, executive deputy chief of the fraud section in the Justice Department, said federal prosecutors and the FBI had made progress on mortgage fraud.
"Dr. King had become very unpopular before his death, talking about things that black men did not have the right to talk about," George Hulse, aboard member of the Caribbean American Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said over bagels Friday at the chamber's King breakfast.
Eight Chinese peacekeepers have died and dozens have been wounded in the line of duty.
"We think the game is over for Northern Rock in its present form," a Merrill analyst, John-Paul Crutchley, wrote in a note to investors.
Some Palestinians were seen to use a bulldozer trying to open new passages into Egypt at the Egyptian- Gaza border on Friday as Egyptian troops moved to close the border town of Rafah, the pan- Arab television al-Jazeera reported.
Some 300 people were wounded in the blasts, said Dakhil Qassim, the mayor of the nearby town of Sinjar.
Q: I currently bring a Manhattan Portage bag ... I feel like the bags are from the 90's.
"But with with the US economy slowing while growth elsewhere in the world remains resilient, the dollar will be pressured," he added.
The Bosnian Serb government apologised Wednesday to Muslim and Croat victims of atrocities during the country's brutal inter- ethnic war in the early 1990s.
Gunmen have killed a driver and kidnapped six people from a residential compound belonging to a Russian aluminium company, Russia Aluminum (RUSAL) said Sunday.
There were the usual suspects -- Meryl Streep, Martin Scorsese, Clint Eastwood -- and the surprises, like Rinko Kikuchi and Adriana Barraza (both nominated in the supporting actress category for ``Babel'').
German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier, whose country holds the rotating presidency of the EU, along with EU foreign policy chief Javier Solana and External Relations Commissioner Benita Ferrero-Waldner were also expected to discuss issues including the Middle East, Iran's nuclear program and the future status of Kosovo with Rice.
The political future of controversial Solomon Islands Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare was uncertain Monday after the resignation of nine ministers.
According to the report prepared by Secretary General Amr Moussa, the League faces a US$22 million (euro13.94 million) deficit, or about 60 percent of its annual budget.
The owner of a Saudi oil supertanker hijacked by Somali pirates over the weekend said the 25 crew members are safe and the ship is fully loaded with crude -- a cargo worth about $100 million at current prices.
"We shared with them some further specifics associated with the announcement several days ago" in order to "help them better understand the direction of US policy," Treasury Under Secretary for International Affairs David McCormick told reporters in Abu Dhabi.
"The Iraqi people -- every day, and in increasing numbers -- are choosing freedom and standing against the murderous, hateful ideology of AQI."
Joey Galloway, who missed all of training camp and all three preseason games with a groin strain, practiced at full speed for the first time Monday.
His comments came two days after the Los Angeles archdiocese agreed to a record 660 million dollar (480 million euro) payout to 508 people who were sexually abused by priests in cases dating back to the 1940s.
John Alaimo, manager of a taxi repair shop in the Manhattan neighborhood, said the fans only blow hot air around, doing little to keep his mechanics cool.
Obama countered with his own Spanish ad linking McCain to the extreme-right Republican wing, widely seen as anti-immigrant.
Several bullet train services linking Tokyo and northern and northwestern Japan have been suspended.
Kuitunen was a member of Finland's 4X5-kilometer cross-country relay team that won the gold on Thursday.
Mayor Adrian M. Fenty said he wanted a catchphrase that braids the themes of "unity, energy and renaissance."
Paul Taylor, chief economist for the National Automobile Dealers Association, said hybrids account for just a fraction of the car market and could not be playing a significant role in the decline of the Highway Trust Fund.
"We want to express our sympathy to Raymond Hack for what happened," said Irvin Khoza, chairman of the local organizing committee.
Jordan Staal scored a power-play goal in the second period and Pittsburgh goalie Marc-Andre Fleury made 26 saves, giving the Penguins a 2-0 victory Sunday over New York Rangers and a home- ice sweep of the first two games of their second-round NHL playoff series.
